docs(agent): clarify usage of exit_after_auth flag (#22954)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/agent-and-proxy/agent/index.mdx

- `exit_after_auth` `(bool: false)` - If set to `true`, the agent will exit
  with code `0` after a single successful auth, where success means that a

>   token was retrieved and all sinks successfully wrote it. If `template` stanzas
>   are defined, it waits for templates to be successfully rendered before exiting.
>   Setting this to true, when using `env_template`s, will result in the exec stanza
>   not being executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  token was retrieved and all sinks successfully wrote it. If you have
  `template` stanzas defined in your agent configuration, the agent
  waits for the configured templates to render successfully before
  exiting. If you use environment templates and set `exit_after_auth` to
  true, Vault agent will not run the child processes defined in your
  `exec` stanza.
```

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, write in the active voice
